All right.
So let's get building this should be pretty quick.
The first thing we should do is require Jay queery so I'm going to grab this you URL here and add that
script in.
You can also if you're using code pen required over here Richard you have all on do that.
So we know this is working.
All right.
I'll make some space.
And we have our H-1.
The next thing we'll add is a button.
Let's give it an ID.
My old standard just beat n I'll just say get.
Random cat will be our button text and then we'll add an image with nothing in it to start.
Although we could provide a starting image as well.
Maybe we should just take this one right here.
No idea what it looks like.
Let's put it in there.
There we go.
It's kind of large.
So one thing it might do ahead of time is just style so that we get maybe with no bigger than 200 pixels
good enough we're not going for beauty here.
What a cute cat.
Speaking of beauty OK.
So over here in our javascript side of things we need so when we click that button.
So we'll have our dollar sign.
It's like the button click and will just do our simple alert.
Make sure that works good are getting the alert means our Java's paired J queries required correctly.
So now what we want to do is send a request.
Now this is Jason and it's a get request.
So I would prefer to use dollar sign don't get Jaison but you could easily do Dorsch and get or are
signed.
Ajax and specified methods get data type is Jason but Jason makes it much easier.
It will take the you know it's a random dog cat slash meow and that's all we need.
Well done and when it's done we can start by just constantly logging the data.
Like this make sure that works clear some of that random cat.
There we go.
So what we actually want is data dot file that will be the actual image you are all as you can see there.
So rather than just constantly logging We want to actually update the source of this image so it will
select the image and I guess let's give it an idea just to be safer.
I'll call this cat image and then it was selected over here at Image dot and this is where I recommended
using this method 80 and we can specify we're updating source and now it should be equal to data dot
file which is what the API is giving us back.
Let's see if it works.
Sometimes takes a moment for this API every go.
And we worried that I made a mistake.
Looks good get this cartoon out of here on a real cat photo.
OK.
We'll leave off on that one.
Of course we can handle the error.
We could move this to a separate function but we don't leave it at this.
I'll just add a dot fail in case there is a problem just because it's good to have that let's do an
alert.
Something went wrong.
Actually you know let's just to request is not civil.
You know that I think that's enough.
So if we were able to get that if you didn't get Jaison Ajax or don't get are perfectly valid ways of
doing it as well.
And that's pretty much it we're using gay queery nice simple syntax compatible across all browsers.
Random cats.
What's not to like.